feature: create a small internal nautobot icon library (#7697)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/apps/migration/from-v2/new-nautobot-custom-ui-apis.md

| `nb-z-popover`            | `z-index: 1070;`                   |
| `nb-z-tooltip`            | `z-index: 1080;`                   |
| `nb-z-toast`              | `z-index: 1090;`                   |

## Extended Icon Library

> On top of MDI icons shipped with Nautobot by default, v3 Nautobot introduces its own small internal custom icon library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of the [Material Design Icons](https://pictogrammers.com/library/mdi/) packaged with Nautobot by default, v3 Nautobot introduces its own small internal custom icon library.
```

1. Nautobot icons are standard `.svg` static files located in `nautobot/project-static/icon` directory.
2. All icons are inherently white but their color can be customized with CSS `filter` or `color`, depending on the way they are imported into the document.
3. We suggest using `nb-icon` CSS classes for icon sizing, ranging from `1rem`/`16px` (`nb-icon-xs`) up to `2rem/32px` (`nb-icon-xl`).
4. It is recommended to use one of two ways of importing Nautobot icons, either via `<img src="...">` or `<svg><use src="..." /></svg>`.

```html
<!-- Default white icon. -->
<img alt="wifi icon" class="nb-icon" src="{% static 'icon/wifi.svg' %}" />

<!-- CSS `filter` changes icon color from the default white to Nautobot orange. -->

> <img alt="wifi icon" class="nb-icon" src="{% static 'icon/wifi.svg' %}" style="filter: invert(50%) sepia(99%) saturate(1810%) hue-rotate(3deg) brightness(93%) contrast(94%);" />

Reviewer: That's a complex filter with a bunch of magic numbers - useful to show as an example but now I'm wondering if (corresponding to the `text-success` example below) if we might want to add a reusable CSS class for the specific case of "set icon color to Nautobot orange"? Not blocking.
